 Staff Software Engineer with 6+ years of experience building scalable enterprise web applications using React.js, TypeScript,
Node.js, Go, AWS, and microfrontend architectures. Experienced in secure SaaS platforms, REST APIs, CI/CD pipelines,
cloud infrastructure, and performance optimization for enterprise-scale products.
Skills
• Languages: TypeScript, JavaScript, Go, HTML5, CSS, SQL, Data Structures, Algorithms
• Frameworks & Libraries: React.js, Next.js, React Hooks, Redux, Tailwind CSS, Node.js, Express.js, Storybook, Vite,
TanStack Query, MSW, NX Monorepo, SASS, MUI
• Tools: Git, Webpack, Babel, Vite, Vitest, Jest, React Testing Library, Mocha, Jenkins, GitHub Actions, GitLab
CI/CD, Postman, OpenAPI, REST APIs, NGINX, Docker, Cypress, Cursor
• Databases: MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL
• Platforms: Amazon Web Services (S3, EC2, Lambda, Bedrock, Amplify, ECR, VPS, CloudFront), Docker, Firebase, EZUI
Experience
•
•
Druva Pune
Staff Software Engineer October 2023 - Present
◦ Built full-stack SCIM 2.0 admin provisioning UI integrating Okta and Microsoft Entra ID, automating lifecycle
management for 2000+ admins per tenant and cutting onboarding effort by 80%.
◦ Upgraded and validated TLS 1.2+ security across 3+ Go-based microservices and AWS ECS/Lambda
workloads, securing HTTPS and REST communication, enforcing modern cipher standards and forward secrecy,
and eliminating high-severity vulnerabilities including Heartbleed, POODLE, DROWN, and SWEET32.
◦ Built an AI-powered MCP tool that auto-generates UI components from the internal design system, cutting
component development time by 85% and boosting overall workflow efficiency to 55%. On-boarded Microsoft
Active Directory and Okta in just three days—using Cursor—versus the usual two-week effort.
◦ Developed the internal credit sizer calculator using AWS Amplify for multi-deployment user authentication.
This calculator is designed for Druva / Dell partners sales team to estimate credit requirements and costs for
Phoenix workloads.
◦ Integrated Server-Sent Events for low-latency AI summarization using AWS Bedrock Agents and OpenSearch.
◦ Developed a ”Safe Mode” feature enabling rapid, user-initiated or support-assisted containment of security
incidents through immediate restriction of key operations (backup/restore, login/API access), reducing the
current 12-48 hour response cycle.
◦ Proactively resolved critical Upguard escalations by researching and implementing nonce/SHA strategies and
addressing HSTS preload requirements, which involved identifying and initiating remediation for 489 subdomains
across the organization running on port 80 (recognized with a spot award for this impactful contribution).
◦ Developed Microsoft Dynamics 365 support, a high-priority feature personally committed by the CEO to a key
˜
customer, strategically positioning Druva to capitalize on the high-growth,
$5B Dynamics 365 market (with 43%
of customers in the USA and a strong presence in mid-sized and large enterprises) by offering unified protection
for Microsoft cloud workloads.
◦ Architected a performant, iframe-based login application, empowering marketing to independently manage
promotional content and enhance customer engagement.
Druva Pune
Software Engineer April 2022 - October 2023
◦ Developed product-led growth experience, enabling customers to explore and try products independently,
bypassing traditional sales channels which led to 500+ trials.
◦ Developed and implemented foundational architectural improvements including unified common API services
(streamlining maintenance and enabling rapid security updates), a complex state machine for seamless
self-service delivery of security add-ons, URL-based restrictions via NGINX redirection, and an MFA mandate
for Fedramp and FIPS compliance.
◦ Developed a reusable number text component adopted across all product teams, enhancing the in-house design
library, and led the Low-Level Design of dashboard charts using Amcharts for Enterprise workloads backup,
resulting in improved data visualization for multiple customer types.
◦ Revamped dashboard to TypeScript (50% load reduction, improved maintainability), developed MFA (Email,
TOTP, SMS), utilized Webpack Module Federation for React microfrontend sidebar (75% faster delivery),
implemented Jest/RTL unit tests (88% coverage), resolved 250+ critical bugs, and developed robust Xstate
state management for application stability.
• Infosys Pune-Virtual
System Engineer February 2020 - March 2022
◦ Developed a HIPAA-compliant healthcare application using React.js and Node.js with secure patient
management, appointment scheduling, REST API integrations, and scalable backend services with MongoDB
and SQL databases.
Honors And Awards
• Spot Award at Druva - Apr, 25
• Holopins at Hacktoberfest challenge (Open Source at HexaBot.ai which is AI powered chatbots and agents ) - Oct, 24
• Two Insta Awards at Infosys - Jan, 22 and Oct, 21
Education
• RCC Institute Of Information Technology Bachelor of Technology - Information Technology; CGPA: 8.25 